Ah!
Stop causing trouble for mom
It's enough for our family to live a peaceful life
I'm in. I'm in for him
Didn't he take good care of you?
You stupid son
You are for the woman Guo Jing
Hey
Mom, I blame you.
What's wrong with him?
Tomorrow
I'm looking for the king
Great Sun's Day
Son, you can come back safely
Be content
Mom
The child is unfilial
The baby is back.
Mom, where's my dad?
He works at the Zhao family
Still
older
The Zhao family arranged a job for him to sweep toilets
Mom, don't worry.
I'm back this time
It will definitely give you a good life
Our family can be together
Mom, it's worth dying for
I love you.
What do you want money for?
Go away, go away